[
{
"title": "Interrogation of Abdul Ahmed Nasser",
"location": "Baglan",
"description": "Captured on 3 February, 04 at Baglan, Abdul Ahmed Nasser is a Saudi born in October 1967 in Abba. He entered the fight against Russians in Chechnya in 1997, and later went to Afghanistan in 1999. He provided chemical weapons training to Taliban/Al Qaeda members. He claims to have former students now in the USA who will shortly have lots of cocktails for 'American alcoholic bastards.'",
"date": "February 3, 2004"
},
{
"title": "Interrogation of Kamal Abdullah in Asadabad",
"location": "Asadabad",
"description": "Interrogation of a man calling himself Kamal Abdullah who says he a Jordanian; captured near Asadabad on 1 February, 2004. Came to Afghanistan in 2000 for training with Al Qaeda, Says he has gone back and forth from Afghanistan to Pakistan on several occasions. Asked where he went in Pakistan, Abdullah said he had usually gone to Chitral, where he stayed at a refugee camp. He said he was last there in December, 2003. Asked if he knew any prominent Al Qaeda persons seeking refuge in Chitral, Abdullah could only name three: Ali Sittah, an Egyptian who had been on the central staff of Al Qaeda; Talat Rushdi, also an Egyptian who ran the Omar training camp in the Khost area, and Saeed Hasham, a Saudi who had been in charge of planning insurgent missions against the Americans.",
"date": "February 1, 2004"
},
{
"title": "Capture of Khaled Jehani near Feyzabad",
"location": "Feyzabad, Afghanistan",
"description": "Khaled Jehani, a Saudi, was captured near Feyzabad on 16 February, 2004. He was carrying a laptop computer containing information about the SCADA system in the USA that controls our electric grid and natural gas pipelines. He also had information on the construction of e-bombs. Jehani was trained in computer science at the University of Maryland, where he obtained his BA and MA degrees. A list of contacts was found along with information about the SCADA system, two of whom are in the USA: Abu Somad and Yazid Bafaba in Los Angeles, CA. One name in the USA and one in Canada were found along with the information about e-bombs: R. Derwish in Windsor, Canada, and Abdul al Nami in Detroit, USA.",
"date": "2004-02-16"
}
]